story one once there is a girl
so often broke part but she was a good
girl
how lovely oh I am sorry
we are happy after a few years she got
married her husband won't happy I miss
you haha I like you ha ha
one day she looks ill what's wrong
nothing
are you sick it's nothing
tell me I can't stand it
story - so they let her break hearts
they are part big part
yes go all the family members held
something I will hold a pillar I will
hold a big G hold it sorry 3 she broke a
big part all the family members threw
away what can I do
don't worry
family sent his wife back to the home of
Herbert they walked for a long time I'm
tired I'm hungry I'm hungry too
I'm tired too sorry for they sat under
the jujube tree daddy wanted to eat some
jujube
go over there please
I'll show you something some juice fell
down from the tree that's great honey
how pretty thank you so they lived
happily ever after
you